Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service . business culture gadgets future startups xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"? Xiaomi: Chinese smartphone giant files for Hong Kong IPO by Jethro Mullen @CNNTech May 2, 2018: 10:30 PM ET Xiaomi's Redmi Note 5 smartphone. The company shipped more than 92 million devices last year, according to IDC. Xiaomi, one of the world's biggest smartphone makers, has filed to go public in Hong Kong in what's expected to be a massive IPO. The Chinese company submitted documents Thursday to list shares on the Hong Kong stock exchange. Its filing didn't give details on the size of the planned IPO, but reports have suggested it could be worth around $10 billion. Xiaomi, one of the world's most valuable startups, declined to comment Thursday on the value or the timing of the IPO. Founded in 2010, the Chinese company was the fifth biggest smartphone maker in the world last year, shipping more than 92 million devices, according to research firm IDC . Related: How China's Xiaomi took India's smartphone market by storm Xiaomi's main business is phones, but it also makes a range of other internet-connected devices, including laptops and even smart rice cookers. The company says it sells its products in 74 countries and regions. It has enjoyed particularly strong growth in India, where it has overtaken Samsung as the biggest selling smartphone maker . The documents Xiaomi filed Thursday shed some light on its finances, showing revenue soared nearly 70% last year to around 115 billion yuan ($18 billion). Operating profit more than tripled to 12 billion yuan ($1.9 billion). -- Sherisse Pham contributed to this report. CNNMoney (Hong Kong) First published May 2, 2018: 9:43 PM ET Social Surge - What's Trending Analysis: Tariffs won't slow China's tech rise The US economy just hit a milestone Journalist killings in Afghanistan: 'An attack on the global media' Investing CNNMoney Sponsors SmartAsset Paid Partner Top Bank Announces 1.65% APY Savings Account Certificate of Deposit Rates Earn More on Your Savings Open a Money Market Account MyFinance Paid Partner Two Savings Account That Pay 10 Times What Your Bank Pays A Jaw-Dropping Card With a 0% Apr Until May 2019 How to 10x Your Savings With These New Accounts Pay No Balance Transfer Fees With This 0% APR Card follow us! xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"? Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer . Morningstar: © Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. . All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P; Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P; Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P; are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P; Dow Jones Indices LLC and/or its affiliates. © Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy AdChoices