Fox News U.S. World Opinion Politics Entertainment Business Lifestyle TV Radio More Expand / Collapse search Login Watch TV ☰ Hot Topics U.S. Crime Military Education Terror Immigration Economy Personal Freedoms World U.N. Conflicts Terrorism Disasters Global Economy Environment Religion Scandals Politics Executive Senate House Judiciary Foreign policy Polls Elections Entertainment Celebrity News Movies TV News Music News Style News Entertainment Video Business Markets Politics Technology Features Business Leaders Lifestyle Food + Drink Cars + Trucks Travel + Outdoors House + Home Fitness + Well-being Style + Beauty Science Archaeology Air & Space Planet Earth Wild Nature Natural Science Dinosaurs Tech Security Innovation Drones Computers Video Games Military Tech Health Healthy Living Medical Research Mental Health Cancer Heart Health Children's Health TV Shows Personalities Watch Live Full Episodes Show Clips News Clips About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us Ad Choices Email Newsroom Media Relations Other Fox News Insider Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Go Newsletters Alerts Podcasts Apps & Products Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Email Fox News Terms of Use Privacy Policy Closed Captioning Policy Help This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. World Chinese smartphone maker Xiaomi files for Hong Kong IPO Associated Press Facebook Twitter Flipboard Print Email HONG KONG – Chinese smartphone maker Xiaomi is planning to go public on Hong Kong's stock exchange in what could be the world's biggest share offering in years. The company filed documents with Hong Kong's stock exchange operator on Thursday as part of preparations for an initial public offering. Beijing-based Xiaomi is the world's fourth biggest smartphone maker by shipment volume, according to IDC. The listing documents provided no financial details about the share sale or the company's valuation. The newspaper South China Morning Post cited unnamed banking sources saying Xiaomi plans to raise up to $10 billion, which would value the company at $100 billion. That would make it the biggest IPO since Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba's $21.8 billion IPO in 2014 on the New York Stock Exchange. Trending in World Mahathir wants to rule Malaysia again, shakes up election Australian first lady 'flattered' by 'delicious' description Chinese smartphone maker Xiaomi files for Hong Kong IPO Malaysia's ex-PM Mahathir under investigation for fake news U.S. Crime Military Education Terror Immigration Economy Personal Freedoms World U.N. Conflicts Terrorism Disasters Global Economy Environment Religion Scandals Politics Executive Senate House Judiciary Foreign policy Polls Elections Entertainment Celebrity News Movies TV News Music News Style News Entertainment Video Business Markets Politics Technology Features Business Leaders Lifestyle Food + Drink Cars + Trucks Travel + Outdoors House + Home Fitness + Well-being Style + Beauty Science Archaeology Air & Space Planet Earth Wild Nature Natural Science Dinosaurs Tech Security Innovation Drones Computers Video Games Military Tech Health Healthy Living Medical Research Mental Health Cancer Heart Health Children's Health TV Shows Personalities Watch Live Full Episodes Show Clips News Clips About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us Ad Choices Email Newsroom Media Relations Other Fox News Insider Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Go Newsletters Alerts Podcasts Apps & Products Facebook Twitter Flipboard Google+ Instagram RSS Email Fox News Terms of Use Privacy Policy Closed Captioning Policy Help This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.