NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Home Search Skip to content Skip to navigation View mobile version The New York Times Business Day | Xiaomi, a Chinese Start-Up, Picks Hong Kong for a Major I.P.O. Search Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go https://nyti.ms/2HMUOy4 Loading... See next articles See previous articles Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Advertisement Supported by Business Day Xiaomi, a Chinese Start-Up, Picks Hong Kong for a Major I.P.O. 查看简体中文版 查看繁體中文版 By CARLOS TEJADA MAY 2, 2018 Continue reading the main story Share This Page Continue reading the main story Photo A Xiaomi store in Shenyang, China. Xiaomi, the world’s fourth-largest smartphone maker, filed on Thursday to list its initial public offering on Hong Kong’s stock exchange instead of on the mainland. Credit via Reuters HONG KONG — Xiaomi, the Chinese gadget maker that has become one of the world’s largest smartphone companies, has picked Hong Kong to list its shares in what is widely expected to be a major initial public offering. The choice is a victory for the Chinese city, which missed out on blockbuster stock offerings by Alibaba and other rising internet companies in mainland China in recent years. Just days ago, officials at Hong Kong’s stock exchange had loosened its rules to land some big tech stock offerings. Photo Lei Jun, center, the chief executive of Xiaomi, will retain control of the company under rules that Hong Kong recently loosened to attract stock offerings. Credit Nicolas Asfouri/Agence France-Presse — Getty Images In a filing on Thursday with Hong Kong’s stock exchange, Xiaomi said it planned to raise an unspecified amount of money through a public sale of shares. It said it would use the money to develop new smartphones, smart TVs, home speakers and other households gadgets, as well as to finance its ambitions to expand beyond the Chinese market. The filing indicates that Xiaomi will take advantage of Hong Kong rules that now allow companies to issue supervoting shares to top insiders as well as shares with lesser voting rights to the public. Xiaomi said Lei Jun, its founder, chairman and chief executive, would retain control of the company after the offering because of that arrangement. Xiaomi began as a maker of cheap smartphones that were sometimes criticized for aping Apple’s iPhone . It nurtured a strong following through viral marketing techniques and a community of users it nurtured in China who would suggest tweaks and fixes to the operating system that runs the phones. The company stumbled two years ago as other Chinese companies, like Huawei Technologies and Oppo, began turning out phones at competitive prices. Since then, Xiaomi has refurbished its lineup and begun an expansion into India and other new markets. The company is now the worlds fourth-largest smartphone maker, according the International Data Corporation, behind Samsung Electronics, Apple and Huawei. Continue reading the main story We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think. Related Coverage Xiaomi, Chinese Phone Maker, Losing Its Global Face as Hugo Barra Exits JAN. 23, 2017 DEALBOOK Xiaomi, Chinese Phone Maker Favored by Young, Valued at $45 Billion DEC. 29, 2014 DEALBOOK Alibaba I.P.O. Underwriters Increase Deal Size to Record-Setting $25 Billion SEPT. 22, 2014 Lei Jun Builds His Xiaomi Empire by Aping Apple and Steve Jobs JUNE 4, 2013 Related Coverage Xiaomi, Chinese Phone Maker, Losing Its Global Face as Hugo Barra Exits JAN. 23, 2017 DEALBOOK Xiaomi, Chinese Phone Maker Favored by Young, Valued at $45 Billion DEC. 29, 2014 DEALBOOK Alibaba I.P.O. Underwriters Increase Deal Size to Record-Setting $25 Billion SEPT. 22, 2014 Lei Jun Builds His Xiaomi Empire by Aping Apple and Steve Jobs JUNE 4, 2013 What's Next Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Op-Ed Contributors Letters Sunday Review Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Reader Center Classifieds Tools & Services N.Y.C. Events Guide Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account NYTCo Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2018 The New York Times Company Home Search Accessibility concerns? Email us at accessibility@nytimes.com . We would love to hear from you. Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions