Fox News U.S. World Opinion Politics Entertainment Business Lifestyle TV Radio More Expand / Collapse search Login Watch TV ☰ Hot Topics U.S. Crime Military Education Terror Immigration Economy Personal Freedoms World U.N. Conflicts Terrorism Disasters Global Economy Environment Religion Scandals Politics Executive Senate House Judiciary Foreign policy Polls Elections Entertainment Celebrity News Movies TV News Music News Style News Entertainment Video Business Markets Politics Technology Features Business Leaders Lifestyle Food + Drink Cars + Trucks Travel + Outdoors House + Home Fitness + Well-being Style + Beauty Science Archaeology Air & Space Planet Earth Wild Nature Natural Science Dinosaurs Tech Security Innovation Drones Computers Video Games Military Tech Health Healthy Living Medical Research Mental Health Cancer Heart Health Children's Health TV Shows Personalities Watch Live Full Episodes Show Clips News Clips About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us Ad Choices Email Newsroom Media Relations Other Fox News Insider Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Go Newsletters Alerts Podcasts Apps & Products Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Email Fox News Terms of Use Privacy Policy Closed Captioning Policy Help This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. IMMIGRATION US jails Polish-born doctor for 1992 misdemeanor convictions Associated Press Facebook Twitter Print Email KALAMAZOO, Mich. – A Polish-born Michigan doctor was arrested last week because of two misdemeanor convictions about 25 years ago, the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials said Tuesday. ICE officials said in a statement Lukasz Niec was arrested Jan. 16 for "administrative immigration violations." The agency said Niec "came under agency scrutiny" after "18 encounters with local law enforcement." Although the agency didn't provide details on those incidents, WOOD-TV reported that court records show all but one encounter involved a driving infraction and all occurred after the 1992 convictions. ICE said the 43-year-old can be deported for those convictions dating to Niec's high school years — malicious destruction of property and receiving stolen goods. Relatives say he pleaded guilty through a state program designed to help young offenders and was told it wouldn't be used in a deportation. The driving infractions include a guilty plea to an impaired driving offense in 2008. After completing probation, the conviction was set aside and the case was dismissed as part of a plea agreement. Other infractions included speeding and driving without proof of insurance. The only non-driving infraction WOOD-TV found involved a 2013 domestic violence charge of which he was acquitted. Niec, who came to the U.S. legally as a young child with his sister and parents, is being jailed until removal hearings are completed, ICE said. The Kalamazoo doctor and his wife each has a daughter from previous relationships. Trending in U.S. Debate underway ahead of hearing for Trump's CIA nominee Police look to recover $600G that fell out of Brinks truck on interstate Erosion unearthing bones on New York's island of the dead Lithuanian seeks release pending US extradition decision U.S. Crime Military Education Terror Immigration Economy Personal Freedoms World U.N. Conflicts Terrorism Disasters Global Economy Environment Religion Scandals Politics Executive Senate House Judiciary Foreign policy Polls Elections Entertainment Celebrity News Movies TV News Music News Style News Entertainment Video Business Markets Politics Technology Features Business Leaders Lifestyle Food + Drink Cars + Trucks Travel + Outdoors House + Home Fitness + Well-being Style + Beauty Science Archaeology Air & Space Planet Earth Wild Nature Natural Science Dinosaurs Tech Security Innovation Drones Computers Video Games Military Tech Health Healthy Living Medical Research Mental Health Cancer Heart Health Children's Health TV Shows Personalities Watch Live Full Episodes Show Clips News Clips About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us Ad Choices Email Newsroom Media Relations Other Fox News Insider Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Go Newsletters Alerts Podcasts Apps & Products Facebook Twitter Flipboard Google+ Instagram RSS Email Fox News Terms of Use Privacy Policy Closed Captioning Policy Help This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.