Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Latest Boy Scouts of America 'Effectively Dead': Huckabee Blasts Name Change, New Co-Ed Nature Final Thoughts Tomi Lahren to Conservatives, Trump Supporters: 'Don't Attach Yourself to Kanye' Blankenship on 'Cocaine Mitch' Backlash: 'Joe Manchin Has so Much More Baggage' 'Queen of the Swamp': The Five Reacts to Pelosi's Insistence to Remain Dems' Leader 'Fiscal Conservatism and Individual Freedom': WWE's Glenn 'Kane' Jacobs Talks Knoxville-area GOP Primary Win Trending Mueller Probe TUNE IN: Giuliani Joins Sean to Talk Trump Legal Team Shake-Up, Robert Mueller Probe Dershowitz: Trump Better Off Challenging a Subpoena Over Sitting Down With Mueller Judge Nap: Politically 'Catastrophic' If Trump Pleads the Fifth in Mueller Probe Bongino Blasts Mueller Probe: 'You Investigate a Crime,' Not a Person 'Your Opinion? Whose Business Is That?': Tucker Blasts Leaked Mueller Questions Tomi Lahren Tomi Lahren to Conservatives, Trump Supporters: 'Don't Attach Yourself to Kanye' Tomi Lahren on Michelle Wolf's Performance: 'Trump Didn’t Create Leftist Media’s Ugly Side, He Just Exposed It' Tomi Lahren: Trump Having 'Amazing Diplomatic Victories' Despite Being Labeled 'Incapable' Tomi Lahren Rips Joe Biden, Keith Ellison: 'Stacking the Victim Card Deck' 'Remember, It's America First': Tomi Lahren Says Trump Should Pull Out of Syria Entirely Judge Jeanine Fiery Judge Jeanine Targets 'Bozo' James Clapper: A 'Liar and Leaker' Just Like Comey Pirro Rips Comey: ‘You’re a Liar and You’re a Leaker’ Fiery Pirro Blasts 'Pompous, Egotistical, Patronizing Liar' Jim Comey and 'Self-Absorbed' Memoir Fiery Judge Jeanine Calls Out GOP: 'Get Some Guts & Start Wielding Power' Fiery Pirro Rips Ryan, McConnell: Your Omnibus Spending Package Is 'A Total Betrayal' of Trump 5 Things 5 Things You Didn't Know About Carley Shimkus 5 Things You Didn't Know About Shannon Bream 5 Things You Didn't Know About Tomi Lahren 5 Things You Didn't Know About Harris Faulkner 5 Things You Didn't Know About Sandra Smith shows People Mission More Follow Follow: Follow Former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani, a new member of President Trump's legal team, joins Sean Hannity at 9 PM ET Judge Nap: Ty Cobb's Departure Shows Trump 'Finally Recognizes How Serious the Mueller Probe Is' share this Judge Nap: Ty Cobb's Departure Shows Trump 'Finally Recognizes How Serious the Mueller Probe Is' share this email Boy Scouts of America 'Effectively Dead':... Tomi Lahren to Conservatives, Trump... Blankenship on 'Cocaine Mitch' Backlash: '... 'Queen of the Swamp': The Five Reacts to... 'Fiscal Conservatism and Individual Freedom... TUNE IN: Giuliani Joins Sean to Talk Trump... Campos-Duffy: Trump Was Elected, 'Nobody... 'Congress Needs to Act': Rep. McCaul... He's a 'Problem for the Whole Country': CA... Female Veterans to Climb Tallest Peak in... Dershowitz: Trump Better Off Challenging a... 'Serving Putin's Interest': Gorka Blasts... May 02, 2018 // 1:36pm As seen on Outnumbered Overtime by Fox News Insider Posted in: // Ty Cobb // Emmet Flood // Donald Trump Dershowitz: Trump Better Off Challenging a Subpoena Over Sitting Down With Mueller Watters: Mueller Is Trying to 'Criminalize the Exercise of Presidential Power' Fox News senior judicial analyst Judge Andrew Napolitano said Wednesday's shakeup on President Trump's legal team is a sign that Trump finally realizes the seriousness of Special Counsel Robert Mueller's investigation. Attorney Ty Cobb is set to leave Trump's in-house legal team and will be replaced by Emmet Flood , who defended former President Bill Clinton during his impeachment. On "Outnumbered Overtime," Napolitano said Flood is a top-of-the-line, brilliant litigator, although this is very late in the game for a change of this magnitude. "There is no one on the president's team who's been there since day one. And with the departure of Ty Cobb, there will be no one on the president's team who's personally familiar with the hundreds of thousands of pages of documents that the president has surrendered to the special counsel," Napolitano said. Read Full Article He noted that Trump has two separate legal teams, one to defend Trump the person -- which Rudy Giuliani was recently hired to lead -- and one to defend the presidency -- which Flood is joining onto. Flood is expected to replace Cobb as a liaison between the White House and Mueller’s office, which is conducting an investigation into allegations of collusion between the Trump campaign and Russian officials ahead of the 2016 election. "This also tells me that the president finally recognizes how serious the Mueller probe is," Napolitano said. "These are not only two well-known lawyers -- Rudy better know to the public, Emmet better know to the legal community -- they are top-shelf, very gifted, very experienced lawyers." "He has that on his team now for the first time in 15 months." Judge Nap: Politically 'Catastrophic' If Trump Pleads the Fifth in Mueller Probe Bongino Blasts Mueller Probe: 'You Investigate a Crime,' Not a Person 'Your Opinion? Whose Business Is That?': Tucker Blasts Leaked Mueller Questions Load Comments Subscribe Stay connected with the most-watched, most-trusted name in news. Send me email updates from Fox News. I can opt out at any time. By signing up below, I agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use . Questions? Contact Fox News . Submit × Connect with Fox News! Follow us to stay updated with the latest content from Fox News Channel! × Latest from Fox News Channel Share Boy Scouts of America 'Effectively Dead': Huckabee Blasts Name Change, New Co-Ed Nature Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee reacted to the Boy Scouts of America renaming their marquee organization "Scouts BSA" in a nod to the newly co-ed nature of the group. Share Share Final Thoughts Tomi Lahren to Conservatives, Trump Supporters: 'Don't Attach Yourself to Kanye' Conservatives, Trump supporters, and free thinkers: Please do not attach yourselves to Kanye West. It will backfire. Share Share Blankenship on 'Cocaine Mitch' Backlash: 'Joe Manchin Has so Much More Baggage' West Virginia GOP Senate candidate Don Blankenship responded to allegations of racial insensitivity and intentionally personal attacks on the family of Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. Share Share 'Queen of the Swamp': The Five Reacts to Pelosi's Insistence to Remain Dems' Leader The panel on "The Five" reacted to recent statements by House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) that she will remain the caucus' leader and that Democrats will retake the House of Representatives in November. Share × 1 2 3 … next › Load More The Five 'Queen of the Swamp': The Five Reacts to Pelosi's Insistence to Remain Dems' Leader Watters: Mueller Is Trying to 'Criminalize the Exercise of Presidential Power' Maxine Waters Reacts to Kanye's Praise of Trump: He 'Sometimes Talks Out of Turn' The Story with Martha MacCallum Boy Scouts of America 'Effectively Dead': Huckabee Blasts Name Change, New Co-Ed Nature Blankenship on 'Cocaine Mitch' Backlash: 'Joe Manchin Has so Much More Baggage' Viral WV GOP Candidate Brings 'Ditch Mitch' Hats to Fox News Debate Tucker Carlson Tonight Pocahontas Descendant to Sen. Warren: Take DNA Test and I'll 'Welcome You to Our Heritage' 'Your Opinion? Whose Business Is That?': Tucker Blasts Leaked Mueller Questions Tucker: Joy Reid's Guest Slams Pence's Views on Gays After Her 'Ludicrous' Hacking Claim Hannity TUNE IN: Giuliani Joins Sean to Talk Trump Legal Team Shake-Up, Robert Mueller Probe Bongino Blasts Mueller Probe: 'You Investigate a Crime,' Not a Person Hannity Rips Rod Rosenstein: He 'Trashed Congress' Despite His Own 'Flat Out Obstruction' The Ingraham Angle Ingraham on Migrant Caravan: Americans 'Need Asylum From Politicians Who Got Us Into This Mess' Ingraham: Comedian Michelle Wolf's Rant Proves Press Is 'Brimming With Hatred' for Trump Asylum Advocate: Migrant Caravan to Border Is 'A Manufactured Crisis' More Shows Connect with Fox News Don't want to keep checking back here for the latest from Fox News? That's cool. We'll come to you ... Subscribe Stay connected with the most-watched, most-trusted name in news. Send me email updates from Fox News. I can opt out at any time. By signing up below, I agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use . Questions? Contact Fox News . Submit Home Latest Trending People Shows Schedule Mission Contact Us NEW Privacy Policy NEW TERMS OF USE What's New With Terms of Use Ad Choices RSS This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.